To create a repository using TortoiseSVN, follow the below steps:
Step1: Open the windows explorer and create a new folder and name it e.g., SVN_Prj1.
Make the folder Read-Write (un-tick read-only in properties of folder)
Step2: Right-click on the newly created folder and select option TortoiseSVN → Create Repository here.
An SVN repository will be created. 
Next, it will ask you for the default folder structure. 
Select the Create Folder structure option.
A new repository is created inside SVN_Prj1. 
Don't edit the default repository files. 
If it shows any errors, make sure that the folder is empty and not write-protected.
TortoiseSVN will set a default folder icon when it creates a repository to identify local repositories. 
If we create a repository by any other option, this folder icon is not assigned. 




Import a Project by TortoiseSVN:
If we want to import a project into an existing repository, then we can set the repository layout because it will already have been decided. 
The imported folder cannot be considered as a working copy. We have to do a checkout operation to copy the files back from the server.
Before you import your project into a repository, you should:
Remove the unnecessary files which are not needed to build the project like temp files, compiler binaries, and more.
Organize the files in directory and subdirectory. It is highly recommended to make our project’s structure before importing.


Import a Project by TortoiseSVN:
Create a Project in IntelliJ: Prj1
Run HelloWorld in it.

Now select the root directory of the project in the windows explorer and right-click on it. 
It will open the context menu, choose TortoiseSVN -> Import to import the project. 
It will ask you for the destination repository URL. 
Browse and select the repository where you want to import the project. 
Click Ok to continue.
We can also specify the import message on the text area. 
Also, include the ignored files by ticking on the dialogue box.

It will start copying the project data. 
We have successfully imported a project to our specified repository.




Browse the Project
To check whether the project is successfully imported or not, browse the repository.
To browse the project right-click on any folder and select TortoiseSVN -> Repo-browser. 
It will ask for the repository location, provide a valid repository location. Click Ok to continue.
Please make sure the selected URL is the URL where we have stored our project. It will open the Tortoise repo browser. 
Here we can perform operations over files like browse, edit, create, delete, checkout, and more. 
To share it with other users, checkout and commit this project.



SVN Checkout:
The checkout operation checks out a working copy from the repository. It provides a checkout command to operate.
The Checkout command is used to copy the files from the SVN repository to the working copy. 
If we want to access files from the SVN server, then we have to check out it first.
The checkout operation creates a working copy of the repository where we can edit, delete, or add contents. 
It can be performed to a file, a project, or a repository. To checkout, we should have the URL of the file or repository.
Create a new empty folder->SVN_Prj1_CheckOut-> Right click-> SVN Checkout->press ok



Click OK for CheckOut
All file of your project will automatically be copied to this folder and it will turn to green



Make Changes
Open Main.java from: 
C:\Users\monica\ProjectsJava\SVN_Prj1_CheckOut\src
And make the following changes and save and close the file:

public class Main {
public static void main(String[] args) {
System.out.println("Hello world!");
System.out.println("Hello world Again!");
}
}



View changed icon
Main.java is shown as red exclamation as not committed file.



Commit
Right-click the folder and click SVN update
Then click SVN Commit







